Add a separate devops page (#99)
CDCgov/phdi-azure: docs/devops.md

We have implemented CI/CD pipelines with [GitHub Actions](https://docs.github.com/en/actions) orchestrated by [GitHub Workflows](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/using-workflows/about-workflows) found in the `phdi-azure/.github/` directory.

### Continuous Integration (CI)

The pre-merge CI pipeline can be found in [`phdi-azure/.github/workflows/testPython.yaml`](https://github.com/CDCgov/phdi-azure/blob/main/.github/workflows/testPython.yaml) It runs every time a Pull Request is opened and whenever additional changes are pushed to a branch. Currently, the following steps are included in this CI pipeline:

1. Identify all directories containing an Azure Function.
2. Run the unit tests for each Azure Function.
3. Check that all Python code complies with Black and Flake8.
4. Check that all Terraform code is formatted properly.

After merging, an end-to-end test is run against the `main` branch. This test can be found in `phdi-azure/.github/workflows/end-to-end.yaml`. This test runs sample data against a pipeline set up in an Azure development environment, and validates that the pipeline performed as intended.

### Continuous Deployment (CD)

> A separate CD pipeline is configured for each Azure environment we deploy to. Each of these pipelines is defined in a YAML file starting with "deploy" in the `workflows/` directory (e.g. `phdi-azure/.github/deployment.yaml`). Generally, these pipelines run every time code is merged into the `main` branch of the repository. However, additional dependencies can be specified. For example, a successful deployment to a development environment could be required before deploying to a production environment. When these pipelines run Terraform looks for differences between the infrastructure that is specified on a given branch of this repository and what is currently deployed to a given environment in the Azure resource group. If differences are detected, they are resolved by making changes to Azure resources to bring them alignment with the repository. In order to grant the GitHub repository permission to make these changes, follow [these instructions](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/develop/workload-identity-federation-create-trust?pivots=identity-wif-apps-methods-azp#github-actions) to authenticate it with Azure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our deployment pipeline is defined in the YAML file `phdi-azure/.github/workflows/deployment.yaml`. Generally, this pipeline runs every time code is merged into the `main` branch of the repository, deploying to the `dev` environment. The pipeline can also be triggered manually to deploy to other environments, and a successful deployment to a development environment could be required before deploying to a production environment. When the pipeline runs, Terraform looks for differences between the infrastructure that is specified on a given branch of this repository and what is currently deployed to a given environment in the Azure resource group. If differences are detected, they are resolved by making changes to Azure resources to bring them alignment with the repository. In order to grant the GitHub repository permission to make these changes, follow [these instructions](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/develop/workload-identity-federation-create-trust?pivots=identity-wif-apps-methods-azp#github-actions) to authenticate it with Azure.
```

Author: Thanks for this! Much better 👍
